The motive of the event is to test the theoretical and the practical knowledge of the participants based on the marketing principles and techniques. The event comprises of two rounds, Round 1 (Quiz) would test the practical knowledge of the participants whereas Round 2. It is a group task and thus will test and improve the coordination and management skills of the participants.
2
2:0
Date: January 9, 2020
Time: 9:30 AM 
Venue: TBD
Pranav Jaiswal: 9911747820
ROUNDS
CATECHIZE(QUIZ) 
The quiz would basically include a set of 15 - 20 questions related to marketing 
which would be divided on the following basis: 
 Direct marketing and business world G.K. 
 Logo Identification 

The participants will be taking this quiz individually and will be provided 45 minutes to answer these 15 - 20 questions. Each correct answer carries 3 marks and there will be no negative marking. The top 25 scorers will be qualified to participate in the second round. The participants clearing Round 1 would go in the second round. 

ROUND 2 
Analyze the given product’s value and trade them in an outcry system of trading. 
GIVEN EQUATIONS (EXAMPLES) 
1. Eraser + Pencils + Sharpener = Stationary Box  
2. Scissors + Threads + Needles = Swing Box 
 3. Savlon + Medicines + Doctor’s Tape = First Aid Box 
 4. Lipstick + Comb + Lotion = Makeup Box  
 5. Shaving Cream + Razor + Shaving Brush = Shaving Kit  
 6. Bat + Ball + Cricket Helmet = Cricket Kit  
 
What is it all about? 
Participants will choose a box or a kit through chit bases. Every box will include various items which are mentioned in the above equations like A box may contain Bat, Eraser, Pencil, Lotion and 
Comb. Once a box/kit is allocated to every team, then, they have to complete their box in the given time frame by buying and selling the items to or from other teams. 
For Examples: Team A is given a Stationary box which right now is containing eraser, razor, comb, needles and ball. So, Team A has to buy the remaining stationary items from the other teams to complete their box and simultaneously sell the items which they do not require to the teams which need them. Like, in this case Team A will sell Razor, comb, needles and ball to other teams and earn money. This money will be used to buy remaining items of their box like pencils and sharpener. 
 
PHASE 1 
Items mentioned in the above equations will be distributed randomly among the participants in the form of chits which will be kept in the box given to them. Participants will have to complete their equations in the given time frame. They can only acquire or sell the items by the exchange of money. Barter system is strictly prohibited. 
 
RULES:  
Every item in the equation will carry some value which participate have to guess and trade accordingly. Every transaction between the two teams will be noted and signed by the volunteers to ensure accuracy and proper record. 
A base value of each box will be set which means that participants will not be able to trade their items below that base price. 
Money will be given greater importance in completing the equation. The teams having the highest amount of money will be qualifying the first round. 
 
PHASE 2: 
Once the equations are completed, now participants will have to establish a brand name and logo for the given Boxes or Kit. And finally pitch their idea and strategy behind their logo to the judges.  
 