A street dance competition including solo & crew participants with on the spot rounds.
1,6-8
1:150,6-8:600
Date: January 9, 2020 
Time: 12PM-4 PM 
Venue: MSIT Ground
Muskan :9899000371
Rules:
Solo

 Carry your College ID cards.

   It is a Street dance competition , so only street styles are allowed . Hip hop , Locking , Popping , Krump , Waacking , Dancehall , Breaking etc. Are allowed .

   URBAN IS NOT A STREET DANCE STYLE . THEREFORE , IT IS NOT ALLOWED .


  THERE WILL BE 2 ROUNDS :
 1 Minute Showcase round in your respective styles you are reppin. SONGS WILL BE PLAYED ON THE SPOT FOR SHOWCASE .
 On the basis of the showcases , artists will be shortlisted for the battle.


  This event is taking place to respect the artists and create one more platform for the artists to showcase their skill so no touching, hitting or any disrespectful action against the Artist, Emcee, Dj or the judge will be tolerated.


  The decision of judge will be the final binding.

Crew:

 Carry Your College ID cards.
 
 Crews  can call out any crew before the battle . Make sure the team has registered for the battle.

 One team from one college. Members of the team should be from the same college. If not then contact the organiser.

  Team limit : 6-8 members

  Only street dance styles are allowed like Hip hop, Breaking, Locking, Popping, Krump, Dancehall, Wacking etc.

  URBAN IS NOT A STREET DANCE STYLE. THEREFORE, IT IS NOT ALLOWED.

  A battle between the selected  teams . The battle will include 2-4 rounds (depending on the judge).

  This event is taking place to respect the artists and create one more platform for the artists to showcase their skill so no touching, hitting or any disrespectful action against the Artist, Emcee, DJ or the judge.

  The decision of judge will be the final binding. 

  Evaluation Criteria:
  Each person will be judged by the judges and will be evaluated on following points:
 Skills
 Street presentation
 Musicality
 Performance
 Creativity


Rounds description:
On the spot 

General Instructions
No refund will be given if the individual/team does not show up for the event.
Participants are required to have the confirmation mail ready when asked for.
Do not share the confirmation mail as it can be used only once.
Keep the confirmation mail safe so others can not use it.
Every participant is expected to have a kind behaviour towards the organising team.
Any damage to the property will be charged.
Ignoring the rules or ignoring the order of organising team may lead to disqualification.

